adds new SINTERCARD and ZINTERCARD (#1610)
redis/redis-doc: commands/sintercard.md

Returns the cardinality of the set resulting from the intersection of all the given sets.

Keys that do not exist are considered to be empty sets.
With one of the keys being an empty set, the resulting set is also empty (since set intersection with an empty set always results in an empty set).

@return

> @integer-reply: the number of elements in the result intersection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@integer-reply: the number of elements in the resulting set.
```
